-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 T0DDafyBk1sRPB5rL8Y22C6FP66Fc6T1pV5LjhiMR+8yKEQTwogKZUJD6/trJpCr
 HcDVNaLryDH7/CCr1zPJuw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000320187-04-000301.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0000320187-04-000301.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230155125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320187-04-000301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIKE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RUBBER & PLASTICS FOOTWEAR [3021]
		IRS NUMBER:				930584541
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10635
		FILM NUMBER:		041234081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BOWERMAN DR
		CITY:			BEAVERTON
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97005-6453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036416453
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k041230.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K - DECEMBER 30, 2004
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, DC 20549


                                 FORM 8-K


                              CURRENT REPORT
 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



   Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 28, 2004



                                 NIKE, INC.

          (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)


       Oregon                  1-10635                 93-0584541
    ____________             ____________             ____________

   (State of                  (Commission            (I.R.S.Employer
   Incorporation)            File Number)          Identification No.)

                             One Bowerman Drive
                         Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453

                   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
                          __________________________

                               (503) 671-6453

             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
of the following provisions (See General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under Exchange Act (17
    CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

                          ___________________________

Item 1.01     Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 28, 2004, NIKE, Inc. and each of its NIKE Brand Presidents,
Mark G. Parker and Charles D. Denson, agreed to amend their existing
Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreements dated October 6,
1994 and March 26, 2001, respectively.


The following descriptions of each of the amended Covenant Not to
Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreements briefly summarizes the terms and
conditions that are material to us and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of the Agreements, which are filed as
exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this current report on Form 8-K.

The amended agreement between the Company and Mark G. Parker contains a
covenant not to compete that extends for two years following the
termination of his employment with the Company. The amended agreement
provides that if Mr. Parker voluntarily resigns prior to December 31,
2006 or after December 31, 2007, the Company will make monthly payments
to him during the two-year noncompetition period in an amount equal to
1/24th of his then current annual salary and target performance bonus
("Annual Nike Income"). The agreement provides further that if
Mr. Parker's employment is terminated by the Company or if he
voluntarily resigns after December 31, 2006 but before December 31,
2007, the Company will make monthly payments to him during the two-year
noncompetition period in an amount equal to 1/12th of his then current
Annual Nike Income. If Mr. Parker is terminated without cause, the
parties may mutualy agree to waive the covenant not to compete, and if
Mr. Parker is terminated for cause, the Company may unilaterally waive
the covenant. If the covenant is waived, the Company will not be
required to make the payments described above for the months as to which
the waiver applies.

The amended agreement between the Company and Charles D. Denson is
similar to the agreement with Mr. Parker and extends for two years
following the termination of his employment with the Company. The
amended agreement provides that if Mr. Denson voluntarily resigns prior
to December 31, 2006 or after December 31, 2007, the Company will make
monthly payments to him during the two-year noncompetition period in an
amount equal to 1/24th of his then current annual salary and target
performance bonus ("Annual Nike Income"). The agreement provides further
that if his employment is terminated by the Company or if he voluntarily
resigns after December 31, 2006 but before December 31, 2007, the
Company will make monthly payments to him during the two-year
noncompetition period in an amount equal to 1/12th of his then current
Annual Nike Income.  If Mr. Denson is terminated without cause, the
parties may mutually agree to waive the covenant not to compete, and if
Mr. Denson is terminated for cause, the Company may unilaterally waive
the covenant. If the covenant is waived, the Company will not be
required to make the payments described above for the months as to which
the waiver applies.


Item 5.02     Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of
              Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

On December 28, 2004 Thomas E. Clarke resigned from the NIKE, Inc. Board
of Directors, which includes resignation from his position on the
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.  Dr. Clarke, 53, will
continue to serve as President of New Business Ventures.


Item 9.01     Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c)     Exhibits

       10.1     Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement, as
                amended and dated December 28, 2004 between NIKE, Inc.
                and Mark G. Parker
       10.2     Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement, as
                amended and dated December 28, 2004 between NIKE, Inc.
                and Charles D. Denson



SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                     NIKE, Inc.
                                     (Registrant)

                                             /s/ Donald W. Blair
Date: December 30, 2004              By: _______________________________
                                         Donald W. Blair,
                                         Chief Financial Officer





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit-10_1mp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MP COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

Amended portions of the agreement below are indicated with underscore.

                          COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
                        AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                                 AS AMENDED
                                 __________

PARTIES:

       Mark G. Parker (EMPLOYEE)

       NIKE, Inc., an Oregon corporation, and its divisions,
       subsidiaries and affiliates (NIKE)

DATE:  December 28, 2004


RECITALS:

       A.     This Covenant Not to Compete is executed upon the
EMPLOYEE's assumption of additional responsibilities for worldwide
marketing and development activities of NIKE.

       B.     Over the course of EMPLOYEE's employment with NIKE,
EMPLOYEE will be or has been exposed to and/or in a position to generate
confidential information including but not limited to confidential
techniques, methods, styles, designs and design concepts, developments,
customer lists, vendor lists, contract factory lists, pricing
information, manufacturing plans, business plans, marketing plans, sales
information, methods of operation, knowledge and data relating to
processes, products, machines, compounds and compositions, formulae,
lasts and molds.  It is anticipated that EMPLOYEE will continue to be
exposed to confidential information, will be exposed to more
confidential information and to confidential information of greater
sensitivity as EMPLOYEE advances in the company.  This confidential
information is information peculiar to NIKE's business.  The nature of
NIKE's business is highly competitive and disclosure of any confidential
information would result in severe damage to NIKE and be difficult to
measure.

       C.     NIKE makes use of the confidential information described
in paragraph B above throughout the world.  This confidential
information of NIKE can be used to NIKE's detriment anywhere in the
world.

       D.     The provisions of the Covenant Not to Compete and Non-
Disclosure Agreement are a condition of EMPLOYEE's employment
advancement with NIKE.

       E.     The provisions of this Covenant Not to Compete and Non-
Disclosure Agreement are reasonable.


AGREEMENTS:


       1.     COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE.  During the period of time
EMPLOYEE is employed by NIKE, under the terms of any employment contract
or otherwise, and for two (2) years thereafter, EMPLOYEE will not

                      _____________
directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control, or
participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be
employed by or connected in any manner with, any business engaged
anywhere in the world in the athletic footwear business, athletic
apparel business, or any other business which directly competes with
NIKE or any of its subsidiaries or affiliated corporations.  This
provision is (a) subject to NIKE's option to waive, but only with the
concurrence of the EMPLOYEE, all or any portion of the two (2) year time
period of non-competition following termination more specifically
provided for in paragraph 2; and (b) subject to NIKE's option to
specifically identify, at the time of termination, those businesses
which EMPLOYEE may not be employed by or connected with for the period
of non-competition.  NIKE agrees to act in good faith in its exercise of
the above-noted options.

       2.     ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION.

              a.     As additional consideration for the covenant not to
              __________________________________________________________
compete described in paragraph 1 above, it is agreed that:
_________________________________________________________

                     (i)   If EMPLOYEE voluntarily leaves the employ of
                           ____________________________________________
Nike prior to December 31, 2006 or after December 31, 2007, Nike shall
______________________________________________________________________
pay EMPLOYEE an amount per month equal to one-twenty-fourth (1/24) of
_____________________________________________________________________
EMPLOYEE's then current "Annual Nike Income" (defined herein to mean
____________________________________________________________________
base salary and annual Performance Sharing Plan bonus calculated at 100%
________________________________________________________________________
of EMPLOYEE's targeted rate) for the two (2) year period of non-
________________________________________________________________
competition following voluntary termination of employment, payable on
_____________________________________________________________________
the first day of each month, or
_______________________________
                     (ii)  If EMPLOYEE is involuntarily terminated by
______________________________________________________________________
Nike at any time during the term hereof, or voluntarily leaves the
__________________________________________________________________
employ of Nike after December 31, 2006 but before December 31, 2007,
____________________________________________________________________
Nike shall pay EMPLOYEE an amount per month equal to one-twelfth (1/12)
_______________________________________________________________________
of EMPLOYEE's then current Annual Nike Income for the two (2) year
__________________________________________________________________
period of non-competition following termination of employment, payable
______________________________________________________________________
on the first day of each month.
_______________________________
              b.     Nike may waive all or any portion of the two (2)
______________________________________________________________________
year period of non-competition following termination, subject to the
_____________________________________________________________________
following provisions:
_____________________
                     (i)   At any time during, or prior to the
______________________________________________________________
commencement of, the two (2) year period, Nike may tender to EMPLOYEE
_____________________________________________________________________
thirty (30) days' written notice of its desire to waive all or the then
________________________________________________________________________
remaining portion of the two (2) year period of non-competition.  Within
________________________________________________________________________
the thirty (30) day notice period, EMPLOYEE will have the option of
___________________________________________________________________
accepting or rejecting Nike's tender by advising Nike in writing of
___________________________________________________________________
EMPLOYEE's election to accept the waiver, in which event EMPLOYEE would
_______________________________________________________________________
be free to compete at the end of the thirty (30) day notice period and
______________________________________________________________________
all payments to EMPLOYEE hereunder would cease, or to reject the waiver,
_______________________________________________________________________
in which event EMPLOYEE would continue to be prohibited from competing
______________________________________________________________________
for the remaining portion of the two (2) year period of non-competition
_______________________________________________________________________
and payments to EMPLOYEE would continue as herein provided.
___________________________________________________________
                    (ii)  However, notwithstanding anything contained in
________________________________________________________________________
subparagraph 2(b)(i) above, if EMPLOYEE is terminated by Nike "for
__________________________________________________________________
cause" (defined herein to include only continual and repeated neglect of
________________________________________________________________________
duties and dishonesty) Nike shall have the unqualified right to waive,
______________________________________________________________________
without EMPLOYEE's consent, all or any portion of the two (2) year
__________________________________________________________________
period of non-competition following termination, by giving EMPLOYEE
___________________________________________________________________
written notice of such election not less than thirty (30) days prior to
_______________________________________________________________________
the effective date of the waiver.  In that event, Nike shall not be
___________________________________________________________________
obligated to pay EMPLOYEE hereunder for any months as to which the
__________________________________________________________________
Covenant Not To Compete has been waived.
________________________________________

       3.     LESSER RESTRICTIONS.  Should any of the terms of
paragraphs 1 and 2 above be found unreasonable or invalid by any court
of competent jurisdiction, the parties agree to accept as binding, in
lieu thereof, the maximum terms enforceable by law.

       4.     EXTENSION OF TIME.  The covenant not to compete described
in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 above shall be extended by a time period equal
to any time consumed in enforcement of the obligations hereunder during
which EMPLOYEE engaged in activities violating the covenant not to
compete.

       5.     NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT.  During the period of employment
by NIKE and forever thereafter, EMPLOYEE will hold in confidence all
information of a confidential nature, including but not limited to the
information described in Recital "B," (all of which information of a
confidential nature shall hereinafter be referred to as "confidential
information") and will not, at any time, directly or indirectly, use any
confidential information for any purpose outside the scope of EMPLOYEE's
employment with NIKE or disclose any confidential information to any
person or organization without the prior written consent of NIKE.
Specifically, but not by way of limitation, EMPLOYEE shall not ever
copy, transmit, reproduce, summarize, quote, publish or make any
commercial or other use whatsoever of any confidential information
without the prior written consent of NIKE.

       6.     RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  Upon termination and
upon written request by NIKE at any time, EMPLOYEE shall return to NIKE
all documents, records, notebooks and other similar repositories of or
containing confidential information, including all copies thereof, then
in EMPLOYEE's possession, whether prepared by EMPLOYEE or others, and
deliver to NIKE any and all other confidential information ,in whatever
form, that may be in EMPLOYEE's possession or under EMPLOYEE's control.

       7.     UNAUTHORIZED USE.  During the period of employment with
NIKE and thereafter, EMPLOYEE shall notify NIKE immediately of the
unauthorized possession, use or knowledge of any confidential
information by any person employed or not employed by NIKE at the time
of such possession, use or knowledge.  EMPLOYEE shall promptly furnish
details of such possession, use or knowledge to NIKE, will assist in
preventing the reoccurrence of such possession, use or knowledge, and
shall cooperate with NIKE in any litigation against third parties deemed
necessary by NIKE to protect the confidential information.  EMPLOYEE's
compliance with this paragraph shall not be construed in any way as a
waiver of any of NIKE's rights or remedies against EMPLOYEE arising out
of or related to such unauthorized possession, use or knowledge.

       8.     INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.  The remedy at law for any breach of
this Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement will be
inadequate.  It is reasonable to require that EMPLOYEE not compete with
NIKE in order to protect NIKE from unfair use of the confidential
information.  NIKE shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to
any other remedy it may have.  A breach of this Covenant Not to Compete
and Non-Disclosure Agreement during the period of EMPLOYEE's employment
with NIKE shall be considered a breach of the terms of that employment
and NIKE shall have the right to terminate EMPLOYEE's employment in
addition to any other rights or remedies NIKE may have.

       9.     WAIVER, AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION OR CANCELLATION.  No
waiver, amendment, modification or cancellation of any term or condition
of this Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be
effective unless executed in writing by the party charged therewith.  No
written waiver shall excuse the performance of any act other than the
act or acts specifically referred to therein.

      10.     APPLICABLE LAW/JURISDICTION/VENUE.  This Covenant Not to
Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement and EMPLOYEE's employment
hereunder, shall be construed according to the laws of the state of
Oregon and EMPLOYEE hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of
the state of Oregon and waives application of any foreign law relating
to this Agreement and EMPLOYEE's employment by NIKE.  Any suit or action
of any kind relating to this Agreement or the subject matter hereof
shall be brought in a court located in Washington County, Oregon.


EMPLOYEE                                 NIKE, INC.


By: ____________________________         By: ___________________________
Name:  Mark G. Parker                    Name:  Philip H. Knight


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit-10_2cd.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CD COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

Amended portions of the agreement below are indicated with underscore.

                          COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
                        AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                                 AS AMENDED
                                 __________

PARTIES:

       Charles D. Denson (EMPLOYEE)

       NIKE, Inc., and its parent, divisions,
       subsidiaries and affiliates (NIKE)

DATE:  December 28, 2004


RECITALS:

     A.     This Covenant Not to Compete and Non-Disclosure Agreement is
executed upon the EMPLOYEE's advancement to the position of President of
the NIKE brand and is a condition of such advancement.

     B.     Over the course of EMPLOYEE's employment with NIKE, EMPLOYEE
will be or has been exposed to and/or is in a position to develop
confidential information peculiar to NIKE's business and not generally
known to the public as defined below ("Protected Information").  It is
anticipated that EMPLOYEE will continue to be exposed to Protected
Information of greater sensitivity as EMPLOYEE advances in the company.

     C.     The nature of NIKE's business is highly competitive and
disclosure of any Protected Information would result in severe damage to
NIKE and be difficult to measure.

     D.     NIKE makes use of its Protective Information throughout the
world.  Protective Information of NIKE can be used to NIKE's detriment
anywhere in the world.

AGREEMENT:

In consideration of the foregoing, and the terms and conditions set
forth below, the parties agree as follows:

     1.     Covenant Not to Compete.

            (a)     Competition Restriction.  During EMPLOYEE's
employment by NIKE, under the terms of any employment contract or
otherwise, and for twenty-four (24) months thereafter, (the "Restriction
                   _______________________
Period"), EMPLOYEE will not directly or indirectly, own, manage,
control, or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or
be employed by, consult for, or be connected in any manner with, any
business engaged anywhere in the world in the athletic footwear,
athletic apparel or sports equipment and accessories business, or any
other business which directly competes with NIKE or any of its parent,
subsidiaries or affiliated corporations ("Competitor").  By way of
illustration only, examples of NIKE competitors include but are not
limited to:  Adidas, FILA, Reebok, Puma, Champion, Oakley, DKNY,
Converse, Asics, Saucony, New Balance, Ralph Lauren/Polo Sport, B.U.M.,
FUBU, The Gap, Tommy Hilfiger, Umbro, Northface, Venator (Footlockers),
Sports Authority, Columbia Sportswear, Wilson, Mizuno, Callaway Golf and
Titleist.  This provision is subject to NIKE's option to waive all or
any portion of the Restriction Period as more specifically provided
below.

             (b)     Extension of Time.  In the event that EMPLOYEE
breaches this covenant not to compete, the Restriction Period shall
automatically toll from the date of the first breach, and all subsequent
breaches, until the resolution of the breach through private settlement,
judicial or other action, including all appeals.  The Restriction Period
shall continue upon the effective date of any such settlement judicial
or other resolution.  NIKE shall not be obligated to pay EMPLOYEE the
additional compensation described in paragraph 1(d) below during any
period of time in which this Agreement is tolled due to EMPLOYEE's
breach.  In the event EMPLOYEE receives such additional compensation for
any such breach, EMPLOYEE must immediately reimburse NIKE in the amount
of all such compensation upon the receipt of a written request by NIKE.

            (c)     Waiver of Non-Compete.  NIKE has the option to elect
to waive all or a portion of the Restriction Period or to limit the
definition of Competitor; provided, however, unless EMPLOYEE is
terminated "for cause" (which shall only include continual and repeated
neglect of duties and acts of dishonesty), any waiver of the Restriction
Period must be with the consent of EMPLOYEE.  In the event all or a
portion of the Restriction Period is waived, NIKE shall not be obligated
to pay EMPLOYEE for any period of time as to which the Covenant Not to
Compete has been waived.

            (d)     Additional Consideration.  As additional
                    ________________________________________
consideration for the Covenant Not To Compete described above, should
_____________________________________________________________________
Nike terminate EMPLOYEE's employment and the Covenant Not To Compete is
________________________________________________________________________
enforced, Nike shall pay EMPLOYEE a monthly payment equal to one-twelfth
________________________________________________________________________
(1/12) of EMPLOYEE's then current Annual Nike Income (defined herein to
_______________________________________________________________________
mean base salary and annual Performance Sharing Plan bonus calculated at
________________________________________________________________________
100% of EMPLOYEE's targeted rate) while the Restriction Period is in
____________________________________________________________________
effect.  If EMPLOYEE voluntarily terminates employment and the Covenant
_______________________________________________________________________
Not To Compete is enforced, Nike shall pay EMPLOYEE a monthly payment
_____________________________________________________________________
equal to one-twenty-fourth (1/24) of EMPLOYEE's then current Annual Nike
________________________________________________________________________
Income while the Restriction Period is in effect; provided, however, if
_______________________________________________________________________
EMPLOYEE voluntarily terminates employment after December 31, 2006, but
_______________________________________________________________________
prior to December 31, 2007, and the Covenant Not To Compete is enforced,
________________________________________________________________________
Nike shall pay EMPLOYEE a monthly payment equal to one-twelfth (1/12) of
________________________________________________________________________
EMPLOYEE's then current Annual Nike Income while the Restriction Period
_______________________________________________________________________
is in effect.
_____________

     2.     Subsequent Employer.  EMPLOYEE agrees to notify NIKE at the
time of separation of employment of the name of EMPLOYEE's new employer,
if known.  EMPLOYEE further agrees to disclose to NIKE the name of any
subsequent employer during the Restriction Period, wherever located and
regardless of whether such employer is a competitor of NIKE.


     3.     Non-Disclosure Agreement.

            (a)     Protectable Information Defined.  "Protected
Information" shall mean all proprietary information, in whatever form
and format, of NIKE and all information provided to NIKE by third
parties which NIKE is obligated to keep confidential.  EMPLOYEE agrees
that any and all information to which EMPLOYEE has access concerning
NIKE projects and internal NIKE information is Protected Information,
whether in verbal form, machine-readable form, written or other tangible
form, and whether designated as confidential or unmarked.  Without
limiting the foregoing, Protected Information includes information
relating to NIKE's research and development activities, its intellectual
property and the filing or pendency of patent applications, confidential
techniques, methods, styles, designs, design concepts and ideas,
customer and vendor lists, contract factory lists, pricing information,
manufacturing plans, business and marketing plans, sales information,
methods of operation, manufacturing processes and methods, products, and
personnel information.

            (b)     Excluded Information.  Notwithstanding paragraph
3(a), Protected Information excludes any information that is or becomes
part of the public domain through no act or failure to act on the part
of the EMPLOYEE.  Specifically, employees shall be permitted to retain
as part of their personal portfolio copies of the employees' original
artwork and designs, provided the artwork or designs have become part of
the public domain.  In any dispute between the parties with respect to
this exclusion, the burden of proof will be on EMPLOYEE and such proof
will be by clear and convincing evidence.

            (c)     Employee's Obligations.  During the period of
employment by NIKE and for a period of two (2) years thereafter,
EMPLOYEE will hold in confidence and protect all Protected Information
and will not, at any time, directly or indirectly, use and Protected
Information for any purpose outside the scope of EMPLOYEE's employment
with NIKE or disclose any Protected Information to any third person or
organization without the prior written consent of NIKE.  Specifically,
but not by way of limitation, EMPLOYEE will not ever copy, transmit,
reproduce, summarize, quote, publish or make any commercial or other use
whatsoever of any Protected Information without the prior written
consent of NIKE.  EMPLOYEE will also take reasonable security
precautions and such other actions as may be necessary to insure that
there is no use or disclosure, intentional or inadvertent, of Protected
Information in violation of this Agreement.

     4.     Return of Protected Information.  At the request of NIKE at
anytime, and in any event, upon termination of employment, EMPLOYEE
shall immediately return to NIKE all confidential documents, including
tapes, notebooks, drawings, computer disks and other similar
repositories of or containing Protected Information, and all copies
thereof, then in EMPLOYEE's possession or under EMPLOYEE's control.

     5.     Unauthorized Use.  During the period of employment with NIKE
and thereafter, EMPLOYEE will notify NIKE immediately if EMPLOYEE
becomes aware of the unauthorized possession, use or knowledge of any
Protected Information by any person employed or not employed by NIKE at
the time of such possession, use or knowledge.  EMPLOYEE will cooperate
with NIKE in the investigation of any such incident and will cooperate
with NIKE in any litigation with third parties deemed necessary by NIKE
to protect the Protected Information.  NIKE shall provide reasonable
reimbursement to EMPLOYEE for each hour so engaged and that amount shall
not be diminished by operation of any payment under Paragraph 1(d) of
this Agreement.

     6.     Non-Recruitment.  During the term of this Agreement and for
a period of one (1) year thereafter, EMPLOYEE will not directly or
indirectly, solicit, divert or hire away (or attempt to solicit, divert
or hire away) to or for himself or any other company or business
organization, any NIKE employee, whether or not such employee is a full-
time employee or temporary employee and whether or not such employment
is pursuant to a written agreement or is at will.

     7.     Accounting of Profits.  EMPLOYEE agrees that, if EMPLOYEE
should violate any term of this Agreement, NIKE shall be entitled to an
accounting and repayment of all profits, compensation, commissions,
remuneration or benefits which EMPLOYEE directly or indirectly has
realized and/or may realize as a result of or in connection with any
such violation (including return of any additional consideration paid by
NIKE pursuant to Paragraph 1 (d) above).  Such remedy shall be in
addition to and not in limitation of any injunctive relief or other
rights or remedies to which NIKE may be entitled at law or in equity.

     8.     General Provisions.

            (a)     Survival.  This Agreement shall continue in effect
after the termination of EMPLOYEE's employment, regardless of the reason
for termination.

            (b)     Waiver.  No waiver, amendment, modification or
cancellation of any term or condition of this Agreement will be
effective unless executed in writing by both parties.  No written waiver
will excuse the performance of any act other than the act or acts
specifically referred to therein.

            (c)     Severability.  Each provision herein will be treated
as a separate and independent clause and unenforceability of any one
clause will in no way impact the enforceability of any other clause.
Should any of the provisions in this Agreement be found to be
unreasonable or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
provision will be enforceable to the maximum extent enforceable by the
law of that jurisdiction.

            (d)     Applicable Law/Jurisdiction.  This Agreement, and
EMPLOYEE's employment hereunder, shall be construed according to the
laws of the State of Oregon.  EMPLOYEE further hereby submits to the
jurisdiction of, and agrees that exclusive jurisdiction over and venue
for any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement shall lie in the state and federal courts located in Oregon.


EMPLOYEE                                  NIKE, Inc.


By: ___________________________           By: __________________________
Name:  Charles D. Denson                  Name:  Philip H. Knight
Title: President, NIKE Brand              Title: President & CEO

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
